We women have always been jumping off the pages of history. 
From Razia Sultan to Naina Lal Kidwai,our efficiencies are unsurmountable,courage can never be shrivelled up.
Age is natural consequence of life.
It speeds up mortality, but adds value to our lives and makes it wise in its fullness.
With advent of time we women may appear powerless, but we are not.
We may appear to lose our voice, but we can never be voiceless.
Examples are numerous.
Think of that Irma Elder, who at age 52, became the first woman autodealer in Detroit.
Imagine how a Kentucky woman, who had waited her long 39 years, and at last at age of 65 years, ultimately she could fulfill her desire.
She joined the peace corps.

If ever age is considered as an obstacle, then each and every obstacle in life is the stepping stone to an unimaginably magnificient building, whose capacity is infinite to hold.
As another example, one woman once became a flight attendant at 71.
Another didn't even have a high school diploma in her 40s but successfully became a Professor of Anthropology at Brown University at age 60.
In her fiftes Rain Elle Burton wrote her first novel which was highly acclaimed by the all critics and became praiseworthy too.

In an only through recent times, 73 year old Tamae Watanabe, a Japanese woman climbed the world's highest mountain peak Mt. Everest on May 19 2012. She scaled Everest 8850 metres high peak from the northern side of the mountain with four other team members. 

Numerous examples are laid out and all those are truely revivifying, which I solely collected from my Knowledge and informations.

The real one is more sensational and I have collected it from my own eyes.
It is the story of a spirited Indian old and very poor woman of more than 70, who can be seen everyday from nearly morning to evening at the end of my street, squatting on an imperfect stove and tirelessly fighting to make numberless samosas for the customers who are basically daily wagers working for the contractors of a multifacet complex.
She will be seen under the half broken thatched roof of a dirty and destitute hut.
Her face is always batterred in a stream of sweat, but she is on her breathless walks.

I don't know why but these days, her indefatigability inspires me each and every day.
It strengthens me bit by bit to go ahead.
Once on asking her about how could she manage everything at that age, I got the proper answer.
She told - "Madam, if I stop right now, by the thought that I have only a little time to live, I would surely die of hunger. Now only I think I have enough time to get more before an end to make my life endless."
